TAC Minutes 2023-11-02 (#198)
confidential-computing/governance: TAC/Meetings/2023/2023-11-02/TAC Minutes 2023-11-02.md

   * Yash Mankad (YM) also provided feedback and that this document might be overreaching.
   * JB went on to say that if the goal is to have IAB amend their statement then this entire document should be written with that in mind.
   * Manu Fontaine stated that we are asking them to amend but we are not requiring them to and that we need to make a positional statement. Manu encouraged folks who had alternate views to put their thoughts in writing.
   * Dan Middleton (DM) stated that we could not do a substantial redraft given the amount of time. 
   * Discussion ensued.
   * YM called out that as is, his company would not be able to formally endorse the document.
   * DM asked Yash to think about what would need to change.
        
* ONCD RFI Response
   * Approved by board over weekend

* rust-spdm mentor
   * DM called out a potential issue with the mentor model and projects and that he would be filing an issue for discussion.

* Outreach TAC Sync
   * DM and Kate decided to meet 1:1 and will provide an update in the next TAC meeting.

* Cross-project meeting survey
   * Lily will present on 11/16 or 11/30.

> * DM called for a vote on approving the doc. Google seconded and voted in favor. Huawei  voted in favor. Intel voted in favor. Microsoft voted in favor via email. Redhat abstained. Microsoft alternate voted in favor. With four votes in favor and one abstention the motion passed. 

Reviewer: Can we move this up to the IAB section.. or clarify, e.g.,
```suggestion
* DM called for a vote on approving the CCC Response to IAB statement on Attestation. Google seconded and voted in favor. Huawei  voted in favor. Intel voted in favor. Microsoft voted in favor via email. Redhat abstained. Microsoft alternate voted in favor. With four votes in favor and one abstention the motion passed. 

```
